
   ANIMALAND A "fun" area for levels 10-20, populated entirely by sentient animals from fairytale
or my imagination. 

   ANONOPOLIS. This is a cyberpunk version of the City of Anon featured below. It is based on,
amongst other things, William Gibson, the Shadowrun role-playing game, anime such as Akira and
Wicked City, the movie Blade Runner and the works of Harry Harrison, Philip K. Dick and Michael
Moorcock. It was fun writing it, and even now I enjoy playing in it. 

   THE BAZAAR. An area I wrote for Bram's Mud Arcanum, it is in effect a massive mediaeval
shopping mall. It was written for an Envy mud, but it is here in Merc format. 

   THE CITY OF ANON The capital of AnonyMUD, an area I am quite proud of. As with many of
my areas, it is subject to constant revision, so if you want the latest version ask me if it has been
uploaded to my page yet, and you can get it here. NEWLY UPDATED 

   THE CITY OF ANON Pt.2 An add-on to the city. Includes a detailed section of walls and towers,
a set of docks and some more shops. essential companion to the first. 

   CRUSHER'S PLAYPEN . A quick hacked rewrite of Sandman's famous Dwarven Daycare,
which I did one day when I was bored and sick of hearing Pink Ice Ring from the mouths of hundreds
of newbies :P Full credit to Sandman for original concept and room descs. 

   DEATHTRAP DUNGEON. Another area written based on the "Fighting Fantasy" series (the first
one I wrote was "The Warlock of Firetop Mountain" based on the book of the same name. One of my
most complex and challenging areas, it takes full advantage of the many unique features of Anon code. 

  THE DUNGEON. This area is a subterranean prison that can be attached to any city. In addition to
the usual cells, guards, torturers etc, I added a hidden maze full of foul undead-infested tombs and
great treasures for the powerful or the daring. 

   THE FIELDS. My answer to the oft-seen "Plains of the North". It comprises a broad, sparsely
populated area that lies west and south of the City of Anon, consisting of terrain types ranging from
grassy fields to rugged mountains and deep streams. It has a lot of potential, and in the next few
months I intend to write a more comprehensive version with an aerial component, to cater to
AnonyMud's new falling code. 

   FIRETOP MOUNTAIN. I have long been a fan of the "Fighting Fantasy" Gamebooks written by
Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone, and so I decided to do an area based on their very first one. It
worked out rather well. I intend to make areas based on more of their books, if anyone has any
suggestions, don't hesitate to mail me. 

  FUTURE ZONE. Originally a connector area for areas such as Snarf's MTV area, or Glop's
MegaCity One, this area grew to have a life of its own, with lots of unique mobs and secret rooms. It
has tremendous potential I one day intend to exploit. 

   GHOST TOWN To meet the extended level limit of AM, I created an super area for characters
levels 45-65. It is quite difficult, full of aggressive undead mobs, and has the bonus of being a no-recall
area- characters have to explore and find an exit. 

   ILIUM- As some of you may or may not know, I am a postgraduate student of Ancient History,
and my salute to this calling takes the form of this area, based on the city of Troy as described in the
works of Homer. More specifically, it is based on the War between the Achaeans and the Trojans,
with most of the major characters of The Iliad and The Odyssey featured. 

  THE KEEP OF THE WARLOCK. This is a decent mid level area I wrote only recently to flesh out
the past dimension on AnonyMud. It is a tower in a wasteland that is ruled by a mercenary warlock
and his mutant followers. There are quite a few aggressive mobs, but some very decent treasure. 

  KENDERMORE- Based loosely on the Kender city in the World of Krynn (cf. the Dragonlance
novels), Kendermore is a small Kender village with a very special pub. 

  LOONEY TUNES. Aurorix and I are addicted to animation of any form, especially anime and
Warner Brothers cartoons. The latter inspired us to make this small but challenging area for high level
characters out for a laugh and some xp more than any decent equipment (have you ever known any of
the neat items in Warner Brothers cartoons to ever actually work properly?:P) 

   THE MADNESS OF ANON. Probably the most challenging building task I have had to date was
to write three different versions of the existing Anon in three different time periods. And of these,
writing this area for the Surreal version was the most demanding. It is... weird. And no I wasn't
whacked at the time, though later I wondered what exactly WAS wrong with me:P. 

   MALATHAR. One of my best areas, I wrote it as/for Natasha on Barren Realms. This is the latest
version, with many of the errors corrected (note I didn't say ALL, I never say ALL :P). 

   MIRKWOOD. Based on, you guessed it, Mirkwood, from Tolkien's books. It even has Thranduil
and Thorin Oakenshield. The spiders I moved into another area. Other than that it also doubles as a
very good connector area for Sylvan/faerie- themed areas, such as Lok's Faerie Ring, or for forest
areas, such as the Holy Grove or Malathar. 

  MOUNT DOOM- A high level area that is comprised of a huge extinct volcano inhabited by a
variety of evil giants, priests, mages and undead. Very tough mobs but good xp. 

  MOVIE LAND- Being huge film buffs, Aurorix and I decided to make a Movie area. Its rather
large (150k i think) and it is constantly being enlarged and expanded upon, so if you want it be sure to
ask for the latest version!:) 

   PEPPERLAND An area I wrote with Julilla. It is suitable, with appropriate adaptations where
necessary, for virtually any MERC or ENVY MUD, though it is best suited to ANON 1.0. 

   THE PIT FIGHTERS' ARENA. This is an area I wrote a long time ago when I was Zafnax on a
mud that has since closed down (can't even remember the site). Anyway it is a low level romp with
good xp and nice mobs close together so you don't waste moves. 

   THE PLAINS OF BLOOD. A connector area I wrote for my Mercwin mud to link areas I was
testing, I decided to flesh it out and use it on AnonyMud when I found myself strapped one day for a
connector area while linking 12 areas. It also has a swamp section featuring a very different version of
Marius' Khellis from BR. 

   PLAYGROUND. When AM came into being, one of the first things we had to do was make a
new school. Cookie did this admirably, and I decided to contribute by making a new newbie arena.
Here it is. 

  PREHISTORIA. A prehistoric connector area for linking areas of a similar theme, i.e,
pre-mediaeval or prehistoric themes like areas with dinosaurs, Romans, etc. Not much to it, just a
connector area, but it does the job :P. 

   THE SEVEN HOLY PLACES. Not one but seven mini-areas joined together. They are actually
seven guilds for the seven (current) races of AnonyMud, scattered about the Mud randomly. Probably
not much use to anyone but AnonyMud, but included for those curious anyway. 

   THE TOWER OF TRAINING . The latest version of the mud school of AnonyMud. Relies heavily
on Anon 1.0 and may not be as efective on other muds. 

   THE UNDERDARK. This area is based on several influences, including (mainly) the Underdark as
described by R.A.Salvatore in the Dark Elf Trilogy and later books, and the AD&D modules
Descent Into the Depths of the Earth and The Vault of the Drow. It is also used to connect similar
areas, such as Temper's Psi Cavern or Anon's Drow City. 

      THE UNHOLY ABBEY". The first of a four part series entitled "The Salvation of Malathar",
also works as a stand-alone zone. Based on a long-running AD&D campaign I am DMing (of my own
devising). It relies heavily on portal code and similar, and won't work as effectively without heavy
modifications. 

   THE VILLAGE OF ANON. This area is a version of the City of Anon, as it appeared in Anon's
distant past. A good bronze age village, though I intend to flesh out many of the descriptions at some
stage. 

  THE VILLAGE GREEN. This is simply a "mediaevalized" version of the playground above for
more "traditional" MUDs. 

  WONDERLAND. Based on the world created by Lewis Carroll, this area is the first of a two-part
series (the second half will be Through the Looking Glass of course) detailing the most famous works
of Carroll. This area relies heavily on Anon's Trigger code, and using it without this code or
appropriate mob progs will result in a lot of the flavour and enjoyment being lost . 

AREAS WRITTEN BY SOME OF MY FRIENDS 


CAVEAT- If you intend to use any of these areas, please email the authors and ask them for
permission. You can email me and I will forward your request. Or simply log onto AM and
ask them in person. 

  CAGE AND AQUARIUM. Written by Rainman, this is probably my favorite area. It is
based on the songs of They Might be Giants, who are incidentally one of my favorite bands.
It is a great area, no doubt about it. 

   CANNABIS. Written by my amicus Garth, for high-level dope fiends. Probably the most
original area I have ever seen... 

   CHESSBOARD. This area is a giant chessboard, complete with life-sized pieces. As with
all of Garth's areas, a clever and original concept. 

  GILLIGAN'S ISLAND. Like his Sesame Street area, Lenny's "Gilligan's Island" area is a
rather twisted view of a TV favorite. Good mobs, equipment and descriptions make this an
enjoyable area to play. 

  THE LAIR OF JHER. Garth write this area for AnonyMud. It is a challenging, high level
area with dangerous aggressive mobs. 

   LENNY'S HOUSE. A clever, challenging area written by, you guessed it, Lenny. Check it
out! 

   REN AND STIMPY'S NEIGHBORHOOD- An area written by my girlfriend Aurorix,
based on Nickelodeon's "Ren and Stimpy" cartoon, if you didn't guess :P NEWLY
REVISED! 

  THE ANON KINDERGARTEN- the first new school written for AnonyMud, by Cookie,
which was altered into the current medievalized form also available here (somewhere). I
actually prefer this version! 

   SESAME STREET- An awesome high-level area based on everyone's favorite kids'
program, with one small difference- this Sesame Street has been taken over by an evil
influence that has corrupted all the muppets into evil aggressive monsters! Written by my
friend Lenny, Implementor of Anonymud, this area is sure to claim a lot of lives! 

   SETTING SONS. A highly imaginative area by Rainman, where you can encounter the
ghosts of your favorite deceased rock stars in an eerie graveyard setting. 
