Dlsym Support
-------------

Written by Trax of Forever's End

Prerequisite Requirements
-------------------------

A system compatible with the dynamic library support needed for this.

Terms of Use
------------

1. You may use this snippet in your code provided that any included
comment headers in the code are left intact. You may add your own, but
do not take mine out.

2. This snippet may not be posted for redistribution on any site
without obtaining prior written consent from the Alsherok team.

3. ( optional ) Register with the forums at http://forums.alsherok.net
Registration is not required to make use of the snippet, but since I no
longer provide email support for any of the code I release, forum posts
are your only avenue for direct support. This may seem overly stupid,
but you can blame the continuing abuse I suffer from spammers for this.
Don't post stuff to TMC or TMS asking about my code. I'm highly unlikely
to ever notice it there on the rare ocassions I skim posts in either place.

If forum registration doesn't appeal to you, then you can try to get ahold
of me via IMC on the code channel.

If you can't agree to these terms, don't use this code, and don't expect
me to help if something breaks while installing it. Harsh? Hardly. I'm
tired of people who come crawling to whine and complain when they haven't
bothered to comply with the terms first.

What this code does
-------------------

This code, as currently given here, is the ultimate in laziness realized
for adding new commands/skills/spells/specials to your mud. No longer will
you need to deal with the megalith of the tables.c file, nor will you even
need to worry about the DECLARE_*_FUN statements. Just drop your function
in, compile the mud, and add the entry online after reboot.

It should be noted that this may not be portable across all platforms, but
testing done on it has proven it to be a great deal more portable than the
BFD code which this takes the place of.

Installation Instructions
-------------------------

DO NOT ATTEMPT INSTALLATION on a C++ based version of Smaug unless you KNOW what to expect.
This includes the FUSS++ package. There is a great deal of additional work which needs to be
done to make it work properly. So unless you're prepared to tackle modifications to every last
one of your DO_FUN, SPELL_FUN, and SPEC_FUN functions.... yeah. Thought so. The truly
adventurous can examine the AFKMud codebase to see what's involved.


First and foremost: MAKE BACKUPS. If this code is applied wrong, it could
seriously screw you over. Perhaps even make you crazy.

If you are replacing a BFD install, proceed to ReplaceBFD.txt.

If this is a new install, proceed to NewInstall.txt.

Once done in either file, return here.

Assuming everything works, your mud is now using dlsym support for commands.

You may notice that the DECLARE_*_FUN statements have been left behind. This
was intentional. It makes it slightly less messy to leave those alone. Too
much other code would have needed to be changed to do a total conversion.
I leave it to you to complete that as desired.

Future commands you add to your mud will not require these statements.
When adding new commands, it is suggested that any external references in other
files that are designed to force a character to do that command as a result of
function processing be sent through interpret().

Example:

Player types: credits

Mud normally processes it as so: do_help( ch, "help credits" );

Mud should now process it as so: interpret( ch, "help credits" );

Doing so will avoid getting "implicit declaration" warnings from your compiler.
It also has the added bonus of making sure the player is legally allowed to
perform the command, so in a way it adds an extra layer of security.

If there are any problems with this installation, feel free to post your
question to the forums at http://forums.alsherok.net

This code has been installed and tested on Smaug 1.6 FUSS, which is a bugfixed
and cleaned up version of the base Smaug 1.4a code. The Smaug FUSS Project is
maintained on servers which run the Redhat and Fedora family of Linux. Limited
testing has also been done on the Cygwin package under WindowsXP SP1 and SP2.
Users of BSD, MSVC, MSVC++, or Macintosh platforms are on their own as The
Smaug FUSS Project does not have access to these development environments for testing.
The Smaug FUSS Project can be found at: http://www.smaugfuss.org

No guarantees are made that this code will be compatible with your codebase and any
modifications you may have made to it. No warranty of any kind is expressed or implied
by the use of this code, and we are not responsible for any damages which may result
from the application of this snippet to your codebase.

Adventure beckons in the lands of mystique....
Samson, Implementor of Alsherok
http://www.alsherok.net
telnet://alsherok.net:5500

IMC2 contact: Samson@Alsherok