Slay V2.0 Smaug Port
--------------------

Originally written by Gary McNickle (gary@dharvest.com) for ROM2.4 muds.
Ported to Smaug 1.4a by Samson.

Addition of online slay editing added for V2.0 by Samson of Alsherok

Terms of Use
------------

1. You may use this snippet in your code provided that any included
comment headers in the code are left intact. You may add your own, but
do not take mine out.

2. This snippet may not be posted for redistribution on any site
without obtaining prior written consent from the Alsherok team.

3. ( optional ) Register with the forums at http://forums.alsherok.net
Registration is not required to make use of the snippet, but since I no
longer provide email support for any of the code I release, forum posts
are your only avenue for direct support. This may seem overly stupid,
but you can blame the continuing abuse I suffer from spammers for this.
Don't post stuff to TMC or TMS asking about my code. I'm highly unlikely
to ever notice it there on the rare ocassions I skim posts in either place.

If forum registration doesn't appeal to you, then you can try to get ahold
of me via IMC on the code channel.

If you can't agree to these terms, don't use this code, and don't expect
me to help if something breaks while installing it. Harsh? Hardly. I'm
tired of people who come crawling to whine and complain when they haven't
bothered to comply with the terms first.

What this code does
-------------------

This code lets immortals who have access to the slay command create
customized versions for their own amusement. Everything is handled
via OLC functions and saved in a file to persist over reboots.
This was primarily done as my first exercise in altering OLC portions
of my Smaug code, but hey. It's also fun! :)

Installation Instructions
-------------------------

1. To install this code:

   Copy slay.c and slay.h into your code directory, then add slay.o
   and slay.c to the appropriate locations in your Makefile.

2. In mud.h:

   Find the following code:

   #define LEVEL_HIGOD		    LEVEL_GOD

   and below it add: #include "slay.h"

   Find the Character Substates section:
   Add the following after SUB_PROJ_DESC:
   
   SUB_SLAYCMSG, SUB_SLAYVMSG, SUB_SLAYRMSG

3. Find the do_slay function in fight.c and comment it out, or rename
   it as do_oldslay. If you choose to rename it, be sure and update your
   tables.c file appropriately.

4. In db.c,  above the following:

   log_string( "Loading corpses" );
        load_corpses( );

   Add this:

   log_string( "Loading slay table" ); /* Online slay table - Samson 8-3-98 */
   load_slays( );

5. Add entries in tables.c for: do_makeslay, do_setslay, do_showslay,
   and do_destroyslay.

6. Place the included slay.dat file in your dist/system directory.

7. Make clean, and then recompile.

8. After you reboot, add the following commands using cedit, or by 
    editing commands.dat:
   
    setslay, showslay, makeslay, destroyslay

9. Add the included help text in Slay.help to your help.are file.

If there are any problems with this installation, feel free to post your
question to the forums at http://forums.alsherok.net

This code has been installed and tested on Smaug 1.6 FUSS, which is a bugfixed
and cleaned up version of the base Smaug 1.4a code. The Smaug FUSS Project is
maintained on servers which run the Redhat and Fedora family of Linux. Limited
testing has also been done on the Cygwin package under WindowsXP SP1 and SP2.
Users of BSD, MSVC, MSVC++, or Macintosh platforms are on their own as The
Smaug FUSS Project does not have access to these development environments for testing.
The Smaug FUSS Project can be found at: http://www.smaugfuss.org

No guarantees are made that this code will be compatible with your codebase and any
modifications you may have made to it. No warranty of any kind is expressed or implied
by the use of this code, and we are not responsible for any damages which may result
from the application of this snippet to your codebase.

Adventure beckons in the lands of mystique....
Samson, Implementor of Alsherok
http://www.alsherok.net
telnet://alsherok.net:5500

IMC2 contact: Samson@Alsherok